you
oh my god just confirming that third
place in this tournament gets 800
thousand dollars second place 1.2
million fourth place nothing antonius
not interested in king 3 IV on the
button with a suited ace 3 raise the
14,000 puts up the admission price too
much for Seidel but Winfred Yu with a
pocket pair will at least call here
Oh
heads up to the flock heads up
jaco bed and that is a fantastic result
for a Winfred Yu oh cool the checks
hoping IV will can't steal this one
twenty thousand two diamonds out there
straight draws probably just a call here
no he's raised it
I've he has nothing apart from that bear
race and he must figure that a
relatively inexperienced player like
Winfred you would being wary of pushing
him about he decides to see one more
card three diamonds out there this could
slow you down Ivy drawing Ted that may
have the muscle who knows especially if
another diamond were to come down to
force you off this handsome set of faiz
that's 100,000 it's a meaty bet
possible re-raise hear from you
Oh any faults so that is sheer power
poker from phil ivey getting somebody
off a set